500,000.00
Well done, my boy!
Go ahead... Count it...
it is 500,000!
lt's time to celebrate!
Here, we'll have the reception...
we'll use artificial grass
for the flooring...
the rest we'll leave sparse...
and a wall mounted TV over there.
Here we'll have a three seater couch...
l'm thinking something like that...
What do you think?
Damn! The pages are stuck!
Go to the next one.
Govi...
take a look...
Come on!
What?
Sorry buddy, l'm getting
late for practice.
You go ahead and watch it.
l have to go.
Don't wander too much,
you might get lost.
First check the field setting thoroughly.
Vidya, I'm leaving for work.
lt's all about timing.
Look for the gap...
and smash the ball
right through it!
Wait here.
That's the way!
Now pull...
Come on, Omi... buck up!
And cut it!
Come on, Omi... you can do it!
He's cut it.
That's how its done!
You lost to a 12 year old.
Shame on you, Omi Shastri!
Let's go for that one now.
Whose team are you on?
You can't handle the string or what?
Really missed you, man.
Hang on!
One by one!
Omi...
Okay, guys!
lmportant announcement!
The inter club tournament is coming up!
This year Sabarmati Sports club
is going to participate.
Jigla, you'll be the captain.
Ali and Ashwin will open the batting.
So, get set boys!